Water from a spring rain runs along the edge of a porch.
It falls onto the shell of a wolfsnail.
The snail is tucked inside its shell.
Today, it is time to wake up and find food.
Water seeps into an opening in the shell.
The snail begins to move.
Its tail comes out first, then its head.
Soon the snail’s long, slimy foot is fully stretched out.
The wolfsnail glides along the ground until it comes to the stem of a hosta plant.
It climbs up.
Does the wolfsnail bite into a crisp hosta leaf?
No, most land snails, such as this one, eat plants.
The wolfsnail eats meat.
The wolfsnail glides along the hosta in search of snails and slugs that feed on its leaves.
Where are they?
The wolfsnail tracks its prey using a special detection system.
Leaf-eating snails have just four tentacles—a lower pair of feelers and a higher pair with eyes at the ends.
A wolfsnail has these four tentacles plus a set of lip extensions.
The snail looks like it has a mustache. 
The wolfsnail tap, tap, taps the top of the leaf, searching for signs of food.
When the wolfsnail finds a slime trail, it knows that its prey is close by. 
A slime trail is made from mucus, which snails and slugs lay down to grip and glide along all kinds of surfaces.
The wolfsnail turns to follow the trail.
It moves faster than other snails.
Whoa! 
A shadow crosses the leaf.
A bird lands nearby.
The wolfsnail retreats.
It stays still and waits.
All is quiet.
The wolfsnail resumes its hunt.
The wolfsnail finds its prey.
It grabs the snail,
lifts it up to expose the opening in its shell, and attacks.
The wolfsnail bites into the smaller snail using the tiny teeth on its tongue. 
This toothy tongue is called a radula.
When the prey snail retreats, the wolfsnail pushes its radula deep into the shell to finish its meal.
The wolfsnail leaves behind an empty shell.
It is no longer hungry.
It climbs down the hosta
and glides along the soil.
Wait! Something else moves.
The wolfsnail ignores the worm.
It eats only snails and slugs.
The wolfsnail settles into a cool spot under the porch ledge, pulls its flesh into its shell, and falls asleep.

